Hello friends, welcome to your own
youtube1 help. Friends, in today's
video, we are going to tell you that with the
help of just the vehicle number, if you have also
insured your vehicle with IIC Lord General
Insurance Company and have
forgotten or torn the insurance copy
or you want to download the insurance copy, then you
can download it absolutely free in just 2 minutes in an easy way,
whether your vehicle is two wheeler, four wheeler
or truck, you can
download it for free with the help of your mobile phone. So
friends, without any delay, let's
start the video. Yes friends, to
download the ICICI policy copy, first of all
I want to tell you that
if you are thinking that our
mobile number is not linked with the policy, then
how will it be downloaded? Yes, I am going to
tell you such a method, without
linking the mobile number, you can download your policy only with the help of the vehicle number,
that too absolutely free.
To download the policy, first of all you have to go
to the dialer call. After going to the dialer call,
friends, I will give you a number which is
visible on your screen,
77382 266.  You
have to save this number in your mobile phone. After saving it,
you will get a
reply from there in a few seconds.
In the reply, you will see an option
of service menu. You have to
click on the service menu. After clicking on the service menu,
you will
see the first option - Get Soft
Copy. You have to click on it.
After clicking on it, you have to
click on send. As soon as you click on send,
after a few seconds you will get a
reply from there. You will
see two options in the reply, first you have to policy
copy and second you have to
click on the policy copy button.
After clicking, friends, after waiting for a few seconds,
you will see a popup
which will tell you that your mobile number is
not linked with the policy. After that, you have to
click on the option
button. After clicking on the option button, friends,
you have to click on the victim number button.
After clicking on the victim number button, you have to click on send.
Click on send.  After this,
friends, you will have to wait for a few seconds.
After waiting, a reply will come from there again.
Simple, you have to type the vehicle number here.
Whatever vehicle number you
want to take out the policy for, after entering the vehicle number,
you have to click on the send button.
As soon as you click on the send button,
after a few seconds, a reply will come from there again.
You will get two options in the reply,
engine number and chassis number.
Simple, if you have the engine number, then you have to
click on the engine number button. If
you do not have the engine number, then
click on the chassis number button. As I
show you by clicking on the chassis number button,
after clicking on the chassis number button, a
reply will come from there again after a few seconds.
Simple, here you have to
enter the last five digits of number 4. After entering the last five digits of number 2,
friends, click on the send button.
As soon as you
click on the send button, you will have to wait for a few seconds.
Friends, after waiting for a few seconds,
friends, you will see the PDF of the policy copy.
Simple, you have to click on this PDF.
After clicking on the PDF, friends, you simply have to open it and after
opening it, you have to check whether you have the
policy copy or not. Yes, see
friends, the policy copy will be visible in front of you.
You can put this policy copy anywhere.
You can also print it and
put it in your car. If the video has been of any
use to you even a little, then
like the video and
subscribe to our channel to watch such knowledgeable videos.
See you in the next video, till then
Jai Hind.